Configuration and docs updates (#203)
whylabs/whylogs: DEVELOPMENT.md

poetry shell
```

> You shouldn't have to actually do that unless you want to run some of the executables things that are installed from pypi directly. One use case would be manually running `pytest` on a single test file rather than running them all with `make test`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You shouldn't have to actually do that unless you want to run some of the executables that are installed from pypi directly. One use case would be manually running `pytest` on a single test file rather than running them all with `make test`.
```

## Manging Dependencies

> This is done through poetry. There needs be a good reason to add dependencies that should be included in the commit message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done through poetry. There needs be a good reason(s) to add dependencies, and they should be included in the commit message.
```
